Implement and test Foldable/Traversable instances (#16)
purescript/purescript-graphs: CHANGELOG.md

Breaking changes:

New features:

> - Added a `Foldable` instance for `Graph`
> - Added a `Traversable` instance for `Graph`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Foldable` and `Traversable` instances for `Graph` (#16 by @MaybeJustJames)
```
